Update docs in FTP module (#247)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-ftp: ftp-ballerina/Package.md

## Package Overview

> The FTP library is one of the standard library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ftp` library is one of the standard library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.
```

> It provides an implementation for performing CRUD operations on remote FTP servers with FTP protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides an implementation for performing CRUD operations on remote FTP servers via the FTP protocol.
```

## Report Issues

> To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Standard Library parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library).
```

## Package Overview

The FTP library is one of the standard library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.

It provides an implementation for performing CRUD operations on remote FTP servers with FTP protocol.

> For more information go to [The FTP Package](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/ftp/latest).

Reviewer 2: shall we remove API doc link from here. in central, there is a link to API docs

Author: Removed.
